README.md, before:

# CoMakery

## Project Vision

CoMakery creates Project Tokens and notifies your team via Slack.
It helps you to distribute profit and tracks your fair share of projects you work on.

## Current Implementation Status

This project is in open beta.
It is being actively developed by CoMakery.

## Configuration

We use Rails localization (i18n) for application-specific language.
Every fork of this project will maintain their own `config/locales/app.yml`.

We use environment variables for app "secrets", and values which vary between environments,
eg staging and production.

## Local development

Prerequisites:

- PostgreSQL
- Redis if you want to run delayed jobs
- Node
- Yarn

Set up .env:

```sh
cp .env.dev .env
heroku config -a <YOUR_HEROKU_APP> -s | egrep '^(SLACK_|ETHEREUM_|ETHERCAMP_)' | sort >> .env
```

DB setup:

Create superuser in PostgreSQL:

```sh
sudo su postgres
createuser -s -e -l -P <username>
```

Basics :

```sh
bundle
rake db:create:all db:schema:load
yarn
```

Run server:

```sh
rails server
```

or if you want to run with delayed jobs:

```sh
bin/server
```

## Running tests

A bit faster: `bin/rspec`

More thorough (integrates views): `bin/rspect`

## Pushing code to Github

To run your tests and git push your branch *only if tests pass*, run `bin/shipit`.

## Deploying to heroku staging

Once your heroku user has access to the applications, you can run any of:

```
citizen deploy staging master comakery
```

## Deploying to heroku production

Show the down for mmaintainence page, backup the production db and confirm.

```
heroku maintenance:on
heroku pg:backups:capture HEROKU_POSTGRESQL_BROWN --app comakery-production
heroku pg:backups --app comakery-production
```

After you have your backup captured, deploy to production:
```
citizen deploy production master comakery
```

The deploy also runs `rake db:migrate` and `heroku maintenance:off --app comakery-poduction`

**TODO:** Fix bin/deploy which calls citizen. It should take more intuitive arguments and give better instructions.
```
bin/deploy staging
bin/deploy production
```

## Basic Auth

Set an environment variable called `BASIC_AUTH` in the format
`<username>:<password>` (e.g., `chewie:r0000ar`). Basic auth will be enabled if
that environment variable exists.

## Sidekiq

Visit <COMAKERY_INSTANCE>/admin/sidekiq

Username admin, password is in heroku app settings

## Scheduled Jobs

On staging and production, we use Heroku Scheduler to run `rails runner bin/patch_ethereum_awards`
on a daily basis.  This task backfills "pending" ethereum awards, if they are no longer retired by Sidekiq.

## Clear and regenerate dead sidekiq jobs

If you are getting an out of memory error for Redis. The processed queue can take up a lot of memory. It can be cleared with `Sidekiq::Stats.new.reset`

If the queue gets backed up or the regenerate script starts duplicating jobs, you can clear it out the Sidekiq job queue by running:

```
Sidekiq::Queue.all.each(&:clear)
Sidekiq::RetrySet.new.clear
Sidekiq::ScheduledSet.new.clear
Sidekiq::Stats.new.reset
Sidekiq::DeadSet.new.clear
```

You can regenerated the jobs manually with:
```
heroku run bundle exec rails runner bin/patch_ethereum_awards --app comakery-staging
```

## Redis Configuration On Heroku

You can find the configuration details at the Heroku Overview Redis To Go link. Notice that this is **redis to go** and **NOT Heroku Redis**. This means that Heroku Redis commands will not work.

You might get an error like `Redis::CommandError: OOM command not allowed when used memory > 'maxmemory'.`

To remove old keys you can do the following. Use the correct environment for your needs.

```
heroku addons -a comakery-staging
```

You will see something like:
```
redistogo (redistogo-spherical-15306)          micro        $5/month   created
 └─ as REDISTOGO
```

More info with:
```
heroku addons:info redistogo-spherical-15306
```

## Flushing Redis Directly

Hopefully you won't need this...

Consider clearing out the Sidekiq Redis jobs using the `Sidekiq::Queue.all.each(&:clear)` and related Sidekiq methods as described in other sections.

You can connect to Redis To Go CLI with:
```
redis-cli -h lab.redistogo.com -p 9968 -a [password]
```

To flush the old keys
```
lab.redistogo.com:9968> flushdb
```

## Github Importer

To create an an award for each git commit in a github project, start by running this command:  
```
importer/git_importer.rb --help                             # local
heroku run -r staging "importer/git_importer.rb --help"     # staging
```

Study the options in help, then construct a command.

**Use only with great care on production!**
If you mistype the project ID, you will import awards into the wrong project.

A full sample command:
```
heroku run -r staging "importer/git_importer.rb --github-repo core-network/client --project-id 1 --ethereum"
```

## Deleting a project

If you want to completely remove all traces of project `p` (be careful):

```ruby
p.award_types.each{|t| t.awards.destroy_all}
p.award_types.destroy_all
p.delete
```

Commit message:

Add Jest, Enzyme, JS tests working

README.md, after:

# CoMakery

## Project Vision

CoMakery creates Project Tokens and notifies your team via Slack.
It helps you to distribute profit and tracks your fair share of projects you work on.

## Current Implementation Status

This project is in open beta.
It is being actively developed by CoMakery.

## Configuration

We use Rails localization (i18n) for application-specific language.
Every fork of this project will maintain their own `config/locales/app.yml`.

We use environment variables for app "secrets", and values which vary between environments,
eg staging and production.

## Local development

Prerequisites:

- PostgreSQL
- Redis if you want to run delayed jobs
- Node
- Yarn

Set up .env:

```sh
cp .env.dev .env
heroku config -a <YOUR_HEROKU_APP> -s | egrep '^(SLACK_|ETHEREUM_|ETHERCAMP_)' | sort >> .env
```

DB setup:

Create superuser in PostgreSQL:

```sh
sudo su postgres
createuser -s -e -l -P <username>
```

Basics :

```sh
bundle
rake db:create:all db:schema:load
yarn
```

Run server:

```sh
rails server
```

or if you want to run with delayed jobs:

```sh
bin/server
```

Run webpack-dev-server:

```sh
bin/webpack-dev-server
```

## Running tests

A bit faster: `bin/rspec`

More thorough (integrates views): `bin/rspect`

JS tests:

```sh
yarn test
```

or if you want to watch for file changes

```sh
yarn test-watch
```

## Pushing code to Github

To run your tests and git push your branch *only if tests pass*, run `bin/shipit`.

## Deploying to heroku staging

Once your heroku user has access to the applications, you can run any of:

```
citizen deploy staging master comakery
```

## Deploying to heroku production

Show the down for mmaintainence page, backup the production db and confirm.

```
heroku maintenance:on
heroku pg:backups:capture HEROKU_POSTGRESQL_BROWN --app comakery-production
heroku pg:backups --app comakery-production
```

After you have your backup captured, deploy to production:
```
citizen deploy production master comakery
```

The deploy also runs `rake db:migrate` and `heroku maintenance:off --app comakery-poduction`

**TODO:** Fix bin/deploy which calls citizen. It should take more intuitive arguments and give better instructions.
```
bin/deploy staging
bin/deploy production
```

## Basic Auth

Set an environment variable called `BASIC_AUTH` in the format
`<username>:<password>` (e.g., `chewie:r0000ar`). Basic auth will be enabled if
that environment variable exists.

## Sidekiq

Visit <COMAKERY_INSTANCE>/admin/sidekiq

Username admin, password is in heroku app settings

## Scheduled Jobs

On staging and production, we use Heroku Scheduler to run `rails runner bin/patch_ethereum_awards`
on a daily basis.  This task backfills "pending" ethereum awards, if they are no longer retired by Sidekiq.

## Clear and regenerate dead sidekiq jobs

If you are getting an out of memory error for Redis. The processed queue can take up a lot of memory. It can be cleared with `Sidekiq::Stats.new.reset`

If the queue gets backed up or the regenerate script starts duplicating jobs, you can clear it out the Sidekiq job queue by running:

```
Sidekiq::Queue.all.each(&:clear)
Sidekiq::RetrySet.new.clear
Sidekiq::ScheduledSet.new.clear
Sidekiq::Stats.new.reset
Sidekiq::DeadSet.new.clear
```

You can regenerated the jobs manually with:
```
heroku run bundle exec rails runner bin/patch_ethereum_awards --app comakery-staging
```

## Redis Configuration On Heroku

You can find the configuration details at the Heroku Overview Redis To Go link. Notice that this is **redis to go** and **NOT Heroku Redis**. This means that Heroku Redis commands will not work.

You might get an error like `Redis::CommandError: OOM command not allowed when used memory > 'maxmemory'.`

To remove old keys you can do the following. Use the correct environment for your needs.

```
heroku addons -a comakery-staging
```

You will see something like:
```
redistogo (redistogo-spherical-15306)          micro        $5/month   created
 └─ as REDISTOGO
```

More info with:
```
heroku addons:info redistogo-spherical-15306
```

## Flushing Redis Directly

Hopefully you won't need this...

Consider clearing out the Sidekiq Redis jobs using the `Sidekiq::Queue.all.each(&:clear)` and related Sidekiq methods as described in other sections.

You can connect to Redis To Go CLI with:
```
redis-cli -h lab.redistogo.com -p 9968 -a [password]
```

To flush the old keys
```
lab.redistogo.com:9968> flushdb
```

## Github Importer

To create an an award for each git commit in a github project, start by running this command:  
```
importer/git_importer.rb --help                             # local
heroku run -r staging "importer/git_importer.rb --help"     # staging
```

Study the options in help, then construct a command.

**Use only with great care on production!**
If you mistype the project ID, you will import awards into the wrong project.

A full sample command:
```
heroku run -r staging "importer/git_importer.rb --github-repo core-network/client --project-id 1 --ethereum"
```

## Deleting a project

If you want to completely remove all traces of project `p` (be careful):

```ruby
p.award_types.each{|t| t.awards.destroy_all}
p.award_types.destroy_all
p.delete
```
